Clarify meaning of injectable decorator in docs (#31573)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/cheatsheet.md

</td>
</tr><tr>
<td><code><b>@Injectable()</b><br>class MyService() {}</code></td>

> <td><p>Declares that a class can have dependencies, which would be injected by the constructor when the dependency injector is creating an instance of this class. Provides the metadata required for injection of dependencies, whether or not this class actually has dependencies.

Reviewer: I think this description might be confusing and can be simplified. We want to recommend adding the decorator whether or not the class has dependencies (the fact that it's not strictly necessary without dependencies is an implementation detail that we shouldn't advertise as public API). It should be added whenever a class is provided or injected.

```suggestion
<td><p>Declares that a class can be provided or injected by other classes. Without this decorator, the compiler won't generate enough metadata to allow the class to be created properly when it's injected somewhere.
```
